# Digital-Notice-Board
Digital Notice Board refers to the LED screen display which is used to convey the message to public, students or employees.One can share the Documents, PDF, images on daily basis for internal or public communication. All information is managed from an Admin App. All data is safe and can be limited to internal organization only. Digital display technology is fast replacing the Paper Notice boards for in-campus communication to students. It’s not only fast and efficient, but also give forward looking approach to management. Digital Notice boards help to keep everyone updated on upcoming events, opportunities Meetings, holidays as well as today plan of lecture and you can also share the emergency news with student without hard work and wasting time. If college or institute makes an important achievement, or there is an important news, it can be flashed on the screen all over the campus. A digital platform where one can interact with many people and share lots of ideas. One can choose how to send your information, ensuring that the message is getting across to the right people, in the right place, at the right time. The website uses Firebase database to store all details and credentials. This app is developed using Extensible Mark-Up Language (XML) and Java at backend for functionality of the app. Digital Notice Board can be used in almost any commercial business in these days. They provide communication to the organization space that is un-intrusive while being easy to see and recognizable for those who need information on a product & services in Common.
